[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Hello, everyone.
It's so nice to be here on stage
with all these beautiful women.
So I want to start today by just
sharing with you how I got here
on this stage, sharing with
all these amazing doctors
and personalities.
So my journey to health
started with a personal crisis,
like for many women
that have shared here
or you probably have
heard stories of.
I was born and raised
in the Soviet Union.
And my family had
nuclear engineers,
as that's who was in my
family, nuclear engineers.
So I grew up around all
sorts of nuclear sites--
submarines, nuclear
icebreakers, nuclear facilities.
Guess where I was in 1986?
Chernobyl.
My family got heavily affected
by the Chernobyl radiation.
I got set up for decades of
radiation-induced illnesses.
By the time I was in my
20s, I was sick and tired
of the medical approach.
After another diagnosis of
fatal diagnosis, I was like, OK,
I'm going to have to take
matters into my own hands
and figure out how
to heal my body.
Thankfully, I came from
a family of scientists
and also from an
environment that
was rich with natural
healing, great food,
where the pharmaceutical
industry didn't take
over the medicine, where
we had bioenergy as devices
used by many people, where we
very much respected nature,
respected herbal approaches,
where we respected
the fact that you
need to eat real food,
that children have to be
in nature and summertime,
and the houses growing food.
So that all worked in my favor.
And with combination of learning
a lot about technologies that
can help me heal my body, with
all sorts of crazy detoxes,
addressing my mental state
and addressing my traumas.
After three or four years
of going back and forth,
I finally became healthy.
But it didn't solve
some of the major issues
with my body, specifically
thyroid and ovarian health,
because that was heavily
affected by radiation.
So I was constantly
teetering, touring,
trying to figure out how
to keep myself healthy
and keep myself off of drugs.
Of course, I was
told that I was never
going to be able to have kids.
Well, guess what?
With the help of nutrigenomics
and everything that was done,
I accidentally found
myself pregnant,
which was the biggest
blessing in disguise,
but also the biggest lesson.
I was not prepared to have
a child in my late 30s,
under resourced,
being self-employed,
being a provider in a family,
and not having immediate family
around me.
How many women relate to this?
We are living in a
society that does not
support women in their
early years of motherhood.
There is no support systems.
We are burnt out.
We are under-slept.
We can way too many stresses.
And the breaking point
for me was when one day I
screamed on my child
for just spilling water
because I didn't have enough
sleep, because I was worried
about finances, because I wasn't
using the tools that helped me
heal on a regular basis
when I was healing myself,
because there was no time.
There was no time
for any of this,
or so I was telling myself.
So at that moment, I vowed that
for my child, for my family,
I will prioritize
my nervous system
regulation and my practices.
And I will turn my life
around to make sure
that I'm doing those.
So why is it so important for us
to regulate our nervous state?
We are constantly going between
parasympathetic and sympathetic
systems, from fight or
flight to rest and digest.
Also we should be.
So do animals do in the wild.
They're able to run
away from predators.
And as long as the
danger is not there,
they happily go back to
grazing, not thinking
about lions chasing them.
We have lions.
They are here.
They're here.
They're on our phones.
They follow us from work in
the form of text messages
and the form of emails.
They are in a traffic
in the form of cars.
They are in our Instagram in
the forms of negative messages.
There are so many ways we
are reducing our ability
to regulate our nervous system,
and we are fight or flight
all the time.
Majority of women that
come to our practice
have a really hard time
finding time for themselves.
The one thing I
always hear from them,
I don't have time to meditate.
I don't have time to regulate.
How do I do this?
I can't sit down and find
a way to quiet my mind
or do some breathwork.
And those are the things
that help us shift
breathing, nature, laughing.
Spending time with your partner,
having sex, having pleasure.
Those are the things that
we were told not to pursue.
Supposed to be successful.
We are supposed to get a, y, z
from your money, from status.
We were not told
to pursue things
that are giving us oxytocin.
That is the main
important hormone
that overrides everything else.
So women specifically
are so attuned to stress.
We are constantly
figuring out, is it
a good time to have a baby?
Is there enough
hormones to have a baby?
Is there enough food?
Is there a lion chasing me?
Is there a lion
chasing me right now?
OK, there is not enough time
right now to make hormones.
We have to run away.
That's the state
we're in all the time.
And when we are surprised why
our cycles are dysregulated,
we have PMS, we have headaches,
we have all these things.
And again, it goes
back to I have no time.
So what if I told you
if there was a way
to marry technology and nature?
There is a wonderful
technology that's
been around for 70 years that
was actually born in Russia.
It's called PEMF, Pulsed
Electromagnetic Frequency
devices.
It was perfected by Germans.
It's being used by NASA.
It's being used in medicine
for regulating inflammation,
for creating more
signaling in the body,
for cellular metabolism,
for healing bones,
for recovery, for energy.
20 minutes or so
a day can really
easily help you go from
fight or flight to rest
and digest and find that calm.
PEMF has been shown to increase
GABA, our neurochemical of calm.
GABA, of course, helps us sleep.
If we sleep a little bit deeper,
if we sleep a little bit better,
will we be able to maybe be
more a little bit resourceful?
Be able to handle
those tantrums?
Be able to not snap at the loved
ones because that's who gets it?
That's not people
are out here when
you're interacting with them.
It's the people at home.
Where we get triggered, where
we get all these patterning
from our families, and all of
a sudden this emotional vomit
comes out.
And we can't stop it.
We see it.
We want to stop it.
We want to be better,
but we just can't.
So 20 minutes a
day can really help
you get to antonymic
nervous system response,
more dialed in, and maybe
create a little bit more space
for that laughter
session with your child,
for a little bit of
time with your spouse,
for a little bit of time
of calm in your mind
so you can meditate.
Do you have to unplug
and not do anything
while you're using your PEMF?
No.
Maybe in the beginning,
you're doing it
while you're doing your emails.
I do that.
It happens a lot.
It's like a little
charging station.
By the afternoon, I am done.
I need that coffee.
I need that chocolate.
What do I reach for?
My PEMF math.
That's my coffee.
That's my break, that's
my biohacking nap.
It helps to charge my cells,
calm me down, and set me
up for a little
bit calmer evening.
And maybe reminds
me that I don't
have to respond to that text.
I don't have to open my
email after 6 o'clock.
And I have to spend time with
family, with my loved ones,
and find other ways
to regulate myself.
I always tell people
that technology got it
into this place.
We had created a
monster in some ways.
We have created an industry
that is pumping chemicals.
But guess what?
Technology is not going away.
It's going to be here.
How about we find ways to
marry nature and introduce
those technological
advances that
can help us build resilient,
beautiful, calm lives?
Because at the end of the
day, our children look at us.
They are learning from us on
how to regulate their systems.
It's up to us to create
a healthier generation.
How many people have seen the
data that kids that are born now
have less life
expectancy than us?
That is crazy.
That is not what I
want for my child.
So it's up to us to teach
them regulation skills,
to show the examples of
laughter, meditation, time
in nature, ability to
regulate yourself on the spot,
so they can create
a healthier society.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]